I have a friend of crops that does not live
distant from me is a beautiful morning me
he calls and tells me I 'm in the apiary but not
there flight was in ten in the morning at 25
degrees impossible and I run into the square
that I had closer to home indeed
no ceravolo what had happened were
disappeared so many ap we are due
run away at night to bring these
bees in a secure location in one
nature reserve was underway
apple blossom and flowering
contextual of the dandelion we had to
make this move for
avoid creating you continued to
import this toxic substance
within their real we are
we started with this adventure
with the organic after the episodes of the year
last that francesco will be told the
conviction no longer returned ideological but
we are asked for a different product ho
started going on the internet call
the national beekeeping institute
go on the internet to see and I have
discovered this terrible word
neonicotinoid which is a type of
pesticide that came and also comes
currently used even if fit
different on corn and I didn't think that
and that the neighbor's grass could ruin
my garden happy thing that it is instead
happened bearing a small apiary for
carry out routine work and the
marking of the scheme in that case on the 18th
to open I was with a workout
in progress
ap death on the bottom of the dead bees
on the running foot dead bees dying in front
more were found at the cash desks
neonicotinoid active ingredients in
particular this that I found some
midal cover associated starter
xantia netina there are two years a
understand that at that time they sowed the
Corn and when sowed the corn
beehives we had near corn
they lost the bees the moment the
corn was sown the maize seed
it was covered with a powder
and this powder while the farmer
he sowed and scattered over the whole
territory surrounding our bees
nectar water was collected from
small flowers at the edges of fields in the meadows
close to the cornfields and straight line
they are organisms must neither more nor less
all other organisms recover
these matrices from the campaign etc and the
bring the hive in that case the bees
they lost orientation as obviously
and explained the science to me
have been in contact with these pesticides e
I didn't fit anymore , I evaluated you
in the years of poisoning in cases
worst in a few days had one
disappearance of bees that in number yes
could obviously quantify a lot
spans between 18 and 25 thousand t party of
this pollen poisoned the bees if they did
they brought pollen home
fundamental to feed their nars
said the little ones
then giving the little ones to eat of
poisoned food was born of little creatures
deformed width that were thrown away
out in front of the hive bees than not
they were born and the hive to a balance
which is very important to maintain and therefore
but when we had that kind of
poisoning died nor died so many
how they die because of custom
they worked but they were not born
last year of wild bumblebees that
were years that I had not seen so bumblebees
many of them work for free and to me them
go kill killed the la
crazy efficiency of this one of this
animal efficiency of the animal
single in itself and of the super organism of
super hive organism we have
installed here can a station of
monitoring with a module of three beehives
see that they have three blue boxes in front
these blue boxes are traps
under basket of net and we can read
the fall of the dead bees dying with
any symptoms from poisoning or in
course or I have just occurred in fact the
sim in that surrounding territory
then it was done in 3 4 days then
my ap had that damage I could
say perennial for having flown only between
four days on that territory to the
beyond the aim of which we could very well
do without
with this going from flower to flower
allies against pollination
in the orchard or in the small fruits
children must enter to play with
Mica dogs have a place and
inhospitable and also ugly to see
I ask the minister for agriculture there
European commission to protect ap
agriculture by prohibiting the use of
insecticides harmful to the
as a beekeeper but as a person I ask
to the Italian government to the Europe of
block the use of these pesticides
that make bees die and
compromise the future of ours
agriculture